Fix rendering of registration.rst (#2397)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/registration.rst

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flyteorg/static-resources/main/flyte/concepts/executions/flyte_wf_registration_overview.svg?sanitize=true

Typical Flow 
-------------

> As a user, the below steps elaborate the registration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps elaborate the registration process:
```

> The following steps elaborate the registration process from the FlyteAdmin point of view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps elaborate on the specifics of the registration process:
```

* Define the tasks using the :py:mod:`Flytekit <flytekit:flytekit>` Task Definition language.
* Define a workflow using the :py:mod:`Flytekit <flytekit:flytekit>` Workflow definition language.

> * Use `flytectl <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytectl/en/latest/gen/flytectl_register_files.html>`__ to compile the tasks into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. During this, the task representation is bound to a container that constitutes the code for the task. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerTask API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `flytectl register CLI <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytectl/en/latest/gen/flytectl_register_files.html>`__ to compile the tasks into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. During this, the task representation is bound to a container that constitutes the code for the task. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerTask API.
```

> * Use flytectl to compile the workflow into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. The referenced tasks are replaced by their FlyteAdmin registered Identifier, obtained in the previous step. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerWorkflow API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use flytectl register CLI to compile the workflow into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. The referenced tasks are replaced by their FlyteAdmin registered Identifiers, obtained in the previous step. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerWorkflow API.
```

> * Launch an execution using the FlyteAdmin launch execution API, which requires the necessary inputs provided. This is automatically done if the user uses the flytectl to launch the execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Launch an execution using the FlyteAdmin launch execution API, which requires the necessary inputs provided. This is automatically done if the user uses flytectl to launch the execution.
```

* Use the FlyteAdmin read APIs to get details of the execution, monitor it to completion, or retrieve a historical execution.
* **OR** use the FlyteConsole to visualize the execution in real time as it progresses or visualize any historical execution. The console makes it easy to view debugging information for the execution.
* Set specific rules such as *notification* on **failure** or **success** or publish all events in the execution to a pub-sub system.
* Query the datastore to get a summary of all the executions and the compute resources consumed.

.. note::

>     It is possible to achieve the exact same workflow as mentioned above even if flytekit is unavailable. Workflows and tasks are purely specifications and can be provided using tools like ``YAML``, ``JSON``, ``protobuf binary`` or any other programming language. Contributions using other tools are welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Workflows and tasks are purely specifications and can be provided using tools like ``YAML``, ``JSON``, ``protobuf binary`` or any other programming language, and hence registration is possible using other tools. Contributions welcome!
```

Typical Flow Using Flytekit
---------------------------

> * The user defines tasks using the :py:mod:`Flytekit <flytekit:flytekit>` Task Definition language

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The user defines tasks using the :py:mod:`Flytekit <flytekit:flytekit>` Task Definition language.
```

* Next, they define a workflow using the :py:mod:`Flytekit <flytekit:flytekit>` Workflow definition language.

> * The user uses flytekit's register CLI to compile the tasks into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. During this, the task representation is bound to a container that constitutes the code for the task. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerTask API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The user uses Flytekit's register CLI to compile the tasks into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. During this, the task representation is bound to a container that constitutes the code for the task. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerTask API.
```

> * Next, they use Flytekit's register CLI to compile the workflow into their serialized representation as described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. The referenced tasks are replaced by their FlyteAdmin registered Identifier, obtained in the previous step. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerWorkflow API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Next, they use Flytekit's register CLI to compile the workflow into their serialized representation described in :std:ref:`Flyte Specification language <flyteidl:flyteidltoc>`. The referenced tasks are replaced by their FlyteAdmin registered Identifier, obtained in the previous step. This associated entity is registered with FlyteAdmin using the registerWorkflow API.
```

> * Now, they can launch an execution using the FlyteAdmin launch execution API, which requires the necessary inputs provided. This is automatically done if the user uses the Flytectl to launch the execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* They can now launch an execution using the FlyteAdmin launch execution API, which requires the necessary inputs. This is automatically done if the user uses the Flytectl to launch the execution.
```

> * Later, they can use the FlyteAdmin read API's to get details of the execution, monitor it to completion or retrieve a historical execution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Later, they can use the FlyteAdmin read APIs to get details of the execution, monitor it to completion, or retrieve a historical execution.
```

> * **OR** can use the FlyteConsole to visualize the execution in real time as it progresses or visualize any historical execution. The console makes it easy to view debugging information for the execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **OR** can use the FlyteConsole to visualize the execution in real-time as it progresses or visualizes any historical execution. The console makes it easy to view debugging information for execution.
```

> * **OR** can use the FlyteConsole to visualize the execution in real time as it progresses or visualize any historical execution. The console makes it easy to view debugging information for the execution.

Reviewer 2: Is this FlyteConsole or Flyteconsole?

> * They can set specific rules such as *notification* on **failure** or **success** or publish all events in an execution to a pub-sub system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* They can set specific rules such as *notification* on **failure** or **success** or publish all events in execution to a pub-sub system.
```

* Lastly, they can also query the datastore to get a summary of all the executions and the compute resources consumed.

Typical Flow Without Flytekit
-----------------------------

> It is possible to achieve the exact same workflow as mentioned above even if Flytekit is not available. Workflows and tasks are purely specifications and can be provided using tools like ``YAML``, ``JSON``, ``protobuf binary`` or any other programming language. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to achieve the same workflow as mentioned above even if Flytekit is unavailable. Workflows and tasks are purely specifications and can be provided using tools like ``YAML``, ``JSON``, ``protobuf binary`` or any other programming language. 
```
